vacation cooking you talk of Oz made
simple this is what we need
bell peppers onion mushroom beef olive
oil spices salt and pepper from the wife
salt and pepper and of course skewers
two simple stages cut it up marinate it
let it sit throw it on the barbecue
kiss me dice up your mushrooms special
note don't dice your onion into thin
rings you want big chugs to cut your
onion like this nice big onion chunk
veggies marinating in here steak
meridean here butter spices olive oil
spices melting the butter for the steak
salt pepper California garlic crushed
red pepper if you like that spice we're
going to let this marinate for about an
hour
olive oil pepper salt parsley minced
onion crushed red pepper for spice we're
using spices that just come included in
this condo we're staying in flip it
around the bowl not large enough for
this mission wash your hands
apply more these are good to go I'm
going to put these marinate these along
with the meat for an hour so we'll see
you all right time to assemble our
kabobs about the veggies we've got the
beef we got the skewers we got
everything we need now this would be
considered the art form recognizing that
your freedom and creativity is entirely
100% up to you do you want the mushroom
to be next would you like a piece of
beef to be next would you like a yellow
pepper and a red pepper and not too Reds
in the same order now we want a little
bit of spacing for flame-broiled but we
can stack it up we're going to fill out
the rest like these and then we're going
to throw them on the grill all right our
kabobs are ready so let's get the grill
fire it up and give these things
barbecuing all right so our grill is he
did not know this that some details
medium to high heat on
Grill make sure there's some space
between each of the items so that the
heat can fully cook the meat and the
vegetables and you want to grill them
for about 10 minutes turning as needed
so that the meat is fully cooked and the
vegetables are tender so I'm going to
make sure everything's spaced out good
on here kabob travel all right we're on
slightly down from fully high heat
grills heated up here we go about ten
minutes from this going on alright I'm
going to leave the lid open so that we
can let some heat escape and just let
the flame broil happen on the bottom and
I brought a little bit of extra of the
butter and spice that I had a meet so
that I can just kind of give it a little
vibe over here all right we just flipped
them as you can see this piece right
here cooking nicely and
we're using we're getting a little bit
of plant growth going on because of
using some of the remaining marinade
dripping it on there
there we go Wow looking pretty good now
you know we lost an onion here we can
probably salvage it but as all things go
there's no there's casualties in wars so
I mean that's just life essential tool
you know one is tongs it's nice and easy
to get these up I'm checking in on on
the how fully cook they are my wife
likes it a little medium there's there's
just slightly cook pretty much through
leaving hers on a little bit longer but
you know cook your meat to the
temperature and amount of doneness that
you would prefer there you have it
simple and easy kabobs cooked to a few
different doneness I cook these longer
because my wife likes for me done this
little bit of pink in the middle on this
one because that's how I like it and I'm
going to probably eat all three of these
she'll have this one and so anyways just
threw this together with some of the
stuff we can find here at a condo on a
vacation summer cooking with the candles
kebabs and we vlog on this channel so
subscribe for just kind of a few vlogs
week and occasionally cooking videos
talk soon
alright well here's our final result
action going on